Hahaha
Oops, president, you're back
What do you say when you mix over there?
Humph
Everything went well.
Lin Yi still wants to cut off my way
Not so easy to walk
Find a carriage to pick up the goods
I heard that Li Rong sent it back.
That guy has some patience
It's only been a few days.
The road to Huaishui Road was opened up by him
Hum Lao Wang Lao Chen
There you are!
Your motorcade will come with me
President Li, the three melons and two dates you gave
I don't think so.
Don't worry, I'll pay double the price this time.
Three times we don't go either
I gave you face, right?
You don't go twice as natural, someone hums
I'll see who dares to go
It seems that you two are a team to pit me
We've been friends for a long time
President Li, we didn't cheat you
But have you deducted a lot of our wages before?
Hmph, still old friendship
I haven't seen you think of our old friendship before
Go away I see
You two are partners with Xinglin, right?
So?
Tell the truth
The entire Gangnam Road
Now there's no one you can count on
Return the fleet, I think it's okay
I still don't believe it.
Money can make a ghost run the mill
Three times no one goes I pay ten times
I see who dares to move
OK
So good when I Li Yunfa turned over
None of you can escape